di/uoa/gr/dira/models/CustomerModel.java
 di.uoa.gr.dira.models.CustomerModel
di/uoa/gr/dira/repositories/ProjectRepository.java
 di.uoa.gr.dira.repositories.ProjectRepository
di/uoa/gr/dira/services/customerService/ICustomerService.java
 di.uoa.gr.dira.services.customerService.ICustomerService
di/uoa/gr/dira/services/IService.java
 di.uoa.gr.dira.services.IService
di/uoa/gr/dira/entities/IssueComment.java
 di.uoa.gr.dira.entities.IssueComment
di/uoa/gr/dira/entities/IssueFixVersion.java
 di.uoa.gr.dira.entities.IssueFixVersion
di/uoa/gr/dira/security/PasswordManager.java
 di.uoa.gr.dira.security.PasswordManager
di/uoa/gr/dira/services/customerService/CustomerService.java
 di.uoa.gr.dira.services.customerService.CustomerService
di/uoa/gr/dira/entities/Customer.java
 di.uoa.gr.dira.entities.Customer
di/uoa/gr/dira/repositories/CustomerRepository.java
 di.uoa.gr.dira.repositories.CustomerRepository
di/uoa/gr/dira/controllers/LoginController.java
 di.uoa.gr.dira.controllers.LoginController
di/uoa/gr/dira/shared/SubscriptionPlanEnum.java
 di.uoa.gr.dira.shared.SubscriptionPlanEnum
di/uoa/gr/dira/InitializeData.java
 di.uoa.gr.dira.InitializeData
di/uoa/gr/dira/controllers/ProjectController.java
 di.uoa.gr.dira.controllers.ProjectController
di/uoa/gr/dira/services/projectService/ProjectService.java
 di.uoa.gr.dira.services.projectService.ProjectService
di/uoa/gr/dira/models/CustomerLoginModel.java
 di.uoa.gr.dira.models.CustomerLoginModel
di/uoa/gr/dira/services/projectService/IProjectService.java
 di.uoa.gr.dira.services.projectService.IProjectService
di/uoa/gr/dira/entities/IssueStatus.java
 di.uoa.gr.dira.entities.IssueStatus
di/uoa/gr/dira/entities/SubscriptionPlan.java
 di.uoa.gr.dira.entities.SubscriptionPlan
di/uoa/gr/dira/entities/IssueLink.java
 di.uoa.gr.dira.entities.IssueLink
di/uoa/gr/dira/controllers/CustomerController.java
 di.uoa.gr.dira.controllers.CustomerController
di/uoa/gr/dira/entities/IssueType.java
 di.uoa.gr.dira.entities.IssueType
di/uoa/gr/dira/entities/IssueLabels.java
 di.uoa.gr.dira.entities.IssueLabels
di/uoa/gr/dira/entities/Permission.java
 di.uoa.gr.dira.entities.Permission
di/uoa/gr/dira/models/ProjectModel.java
 di.uoa.gr.dira.models.ProjectModel
di/uoa/gr/dira/entities/Issue.java
 di.uoa.gr.dira.entities.Issue
di/uoa/gr/dira/DiraApplication.java
 di.uoa.gr.dira.DiraApplication
di/uoa/gr/dira/entities/ProjectCustomer.java
 di.uoa.gr.dira.entities.ProjectCustomer
di/uoa/gr/dira/entities/Project.java
 di.uoa.gr.dira.entities.Project
